---
sidebar_label: Internationalization
sidebar_class_name: green
---

# Internationalization

In a survey definition, textual contents are provided using a special structure called Localized text. 
This structure embeds texts for each language.

An example of Localized text :

```json
{
    "code":"language-code",
    "parts: [
        "Age"
    ]
}

```

Note that the `parts` field is an array, which can contains several entries. Each entry can be a string (literal text), a number or an [ExpressionArg](./expressions).

An Expression can be used to embeds dynamic text in the translation (the textual value is computed using an expression).

Common example is to show the text containing the duration from a response of a question. We can take the example of the age question.

The age is collected from an Year-Month component, to improve input validation we want to show the age (in years corresponding to the entered date). To do this we can defined a Localized text containing the expression calculating the age from the entered data in the year-month component.

Let's say the question is named 'survey.age' and the date input has the component key 'date'

```json
{
    "code":"en"
    "parts":[
        "Your age is",
        {
            "dtype": "exp",
            "exp": {
            "name": "dateResponseDiffFromNow",
            "data": [
                {"dtype": "str", "str": "survey.age"},
                {"dtype": "str", "str": "rg.date"},
                {"dtype": "str", "str": "years"},
                {"dtype": "num", "num": 1 }
            ]
            }
        },
        "years old"
    ]
}
```

Using a function call-like representation, this expression is :
```
    dateResponseDiffFromNow('survey.age', 'rg.date', 'years', 1)
```
                 
`dateResponseDiffFromNow` compute the time difference from the response in a component (identified by the 2 first arguments, question key `survey.age` and component key `rg.date` inside this question), the time unit `years` and the direction (1=always output a positive duration)
It's described in [Expressions](./expressions#dateResponseDiffFromNow)

Fortunately you dont have to write such a json, it's possible to use case-editor-tools library to generate such expression:

```ts
import { SurveyEngine  } from "case-editor-tools/surveys";
SurveyEngine.dateResponseDiffFromNow("survey.age","rg.date", "years", true)
```